Add notes on uncommon block size limitations (#194)
ietf-wg-cellar/flac-specification: flac.md

`u(36)`  | Total samples in stream. 'Samples' means inter-channel sample, i.e. one second of 44.1 kHz audio will have 44100 samples regardless of the number of channels. A value of zero here means the number of total samples is unknown.
`u(128)` | MD5 signature of the unencoded audio data. This allows the decoder to determine if an error exists in the audio data even when the error does not result in an invalid bitstream. A value of `0` signifies that the value is not known.

> FLAC specifies a minimum block size of 16 and a maximum block size of 65535. This does not apply to the block size of the last frame in a stream, because the block size of that frame must be able to accomodate for the length of the audio data the file contains. As the last block is excluded from the block sizes stated in the streaminfo block, the bit patterns corresponding to the numbers 0-15 in the minimum block size and maximum block size fields are invalid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum block size and the maximum block size MUST be in the 16-65535 range. The minimum block size MUST be equal to or less than the maximum block size.

Any frame but the last one MUST have a block size equal to or greater than the minimum block size and MUST have a block size equal to or lesser than the maximum block size. The last frame MUST have a block size equal to or lesser than the maximum block size, it does not have to comply to the minimum block size because the block size of that frame must be able to accommodate for the length of the audio data the stream contains. 
```

Just a suggestion, not sure it is really better, yours is also fine.

Author: I think it is an improvement, more formal.

### Uncommon block size

> If the block size bits defined earlier in this section were 0b0110 or 0b0111 (uncommon block size minus 1 stored), this follows the coded number as either an 8-bit or a 16-bit unsigned number coded big-endian. A value of 65535 (corresponding to a block size of 65536) is invalid and MUST NOT be used, because such a block size cannot be respresented in the streaminfo metadata block. A value from 0 up to (and including) 14, which corresponds to a block size from 1 to 15, is only valid for the last frame in a stream and MUST NOT be used for any other frame. See also [the section on the streaminfo metadata block](#streaminfo).

Reviewer: The section on the streaminfo metadata block does not say about the last frame exception, it should be synchronized.

Author: Rephrase minimum block size context for streaminfo metadata block again

### Uncommon block size

> If the block size bits defined earlier in this section were 0b0110 or 0b0111 (uncommon block size minus 1 stored), this follows the coded number as either an 8-bit or a 16-bit unsigned number coded big-endian. A value of 65535 (corresponding to a block size of 65536) is invalid and MUST NOT be used, because such a block size cannot be respresented in the streaminfo metadata block. A value from 0 up to (and including) 14, which corresponds to a block size from 1 to 15, is only valid for the last frame in a stream and MUST NOT be used for any other frame. See also [the section on the streaminfo metadata block](#streaminfo).

Reviewer 2: nit: respresented > represented

Author: Thanks!
```suggestion
If the block size bits defined earlier in this section were 0b0110 or 0b0111 (uncommon block size minus 1 stored), this follows the coded number as either an 8-bit or a 16-bit unsigned number coded big-endian. A value of 65535 (corresponding to a block size of 65536) is invalid and MUST NOT be used, because such a block size cannot be represented in the streaminfo metadata block. A value from 0 up to (and including) 14, which corresponds to a block size from 1 to 15, is only valid for the last frame in a stream and MUST NOT be used for any other frame. See also [the section on the streaminfo metadata block](#streaminfo).
```
